Improve logging getting-started example for console applications (#4740)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: docs/logs/getting-started-console/README.md

dotnet add package OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Console
```

Copy the [FoodSupplyLogs.cs](./FoodSupplyLogs.cs) and [Program.cs](./Program.cs)
files to the project folder.

Run the application again (using `dotnet run`) and you should see the log output
on the console.

```text
LogRecord.Timestamp:               2023-08-03T20:54:42.1933237Z
LogRecord.CategoryName:            SourceGeneration.Program
LogRecord.Severity:                Info
LogRecord.SeverityText:            Information
LogRecord.FormattedMessage:        Food `artichoke` price changed to `9.99`.
LogRecord.Body:                    Food `{name}` price changed to `{price}`.
LogRecord.Attributes (Key:Value):
    name: artichoke
    price: 9.99
    OriginalFormat (a.k.a Body): Food `{name}` price changed to `{price}`.
LogRecord.EventId:                 1

> LogRecord.EventName:               FoodPriceChanged

Reviewer: Add Console output for logging `FoodRecallNotice` as well.

Reviewer: I think we could simply past the output from an actual run which includes Resource information as well.

Author: Would it be too long in your opinion?

Author: I've included the full output, just took a look at the preview and it seems okay.

Reviewer: It would be long but it's assuring for a beginner to not see any discrepancy in their console output compared to what we tell them here.

Or we could just add a single line after the `FoodPriceChanged` saying:

`Omitted remaining output for brevity."

```

Congratulations! You are now collecting logs using OpenTelemetry.

What does the above program do?

The program has a
[`LoggerFactory`](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.logging.iloggerfactory)
with OpenTelemetry added as a
[LoggerProvider](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/extensions/logging-providers).
This `LoggerFactory` is used to create an
[`ILogger`](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.logging.ilogger)
instance, which is then used to do the logging. [Compile-time logging source
  generation](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/extensions/logger-message-generator)

> was to achieve structured logging and better performance. The logs are sent to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is used to achieve structured logging and better performance. The logs are sent to
```
